hello how welcome are you to my channel
upiita in this video I'm going to talk to you
of an uncle or rather of a
mask to whiten the skin of the
face that or word in which any
body area that you want to clarify
this mix this mask that we are going to
prepare will help us to withdraw all
the little spots that we have the cloth
freckles caused by the sun and give a
more uniform tone to the face
ok what is it about we are going to add in a
skillet
natural yogurt ok
let's add natural yogurt
and here I have it, let's also add
a teaspoon or half a teaspoon of
almonds oil
and we're also going to add half a
lemon these are all the ingredients
we will need lemon oil
almonds and natural yogurt ok
and let's mix the perfectly fine
well mixed the lemon oil and the
natural yogurt and since it is well
mixed this we will not apply it in
the face or in the area that we want
clarify or we want to erase spots
or eliminate small cloth by the sun and
we're going to leave it from 15 to 20
we're going to do it three times a minute
week
if you want faster results three
times per week if you want if you do not
interesting or not you want the results
be like this and quickies you can apply it
until once a week but let it be
constant and do not stop making it a
once a week but constant do not leave
to do it not to see you jump the weeks
Of course, if you do it three per week
the result will be much faster ok what
I repeat again
we are going to apply in the face the boron what
let's leave 15 to 20 minutes and
then we rinse our face or what
we wash as we usually do ok
it's a very easy type, very simple
Y
in cash another very important thing
everything always I have told you that
whenever you 're going to use lemon in
any mask and you are going to apply
in the face you always have to use
some sunscreen ok
because the lemon works wonders
but it 's acid and if you do not protect yourself the
face or where you apply this mixture is going to
be counterproductive and instead of that
I will clarify the spots will be recorded or
the cloth the nuggets are going to be recorded
then I recommend you to use
the sun protection factor ok
a sunscreen if you want
exfoliate the face if you want to apply
this mask and in turn wants to remove
all dead cells of the face
then we add sugar and start
exfoliate the whole face ok
and it's going to remove all the cells
dead and in turn will bleach us
also the face although that is already
optional if you want to exfoliate add
sugar if you do not want to exfoliate without anything
mast is clean then well let what
I got that sugar and it's perfect that
thanks for my videos thanks for him my
channel let me your comment follow me in my
Facebook page and see you in another
more of my goodbye videos